Q) Tell me a little about yourself.
First of all, thank you Sir,/Ma'am for this opportunity to introduce myself.
I am from garwali family and belong to himachl Pradesh. My Father was a private employee in Malwa Cotton Spinning Mills ltd and My Mother is houe wife. We are threee brothers. My elder brother is working in EXL service
in finance deparment and my younger brother started his own businees. I have completed my Intermediate school from Himachal Board of dharamshala and then I have went to dehradun for Jetking(Hardware Networking Course) in 2010.
After this I came to delhi to RHCE in 2011. I started my first job in 2012 with Keen & Able Computers. This is a resource base company which provding a conprehencise support to his customers.

Now coming to me I am hardworking and have confidence for my work. I can carry out any task assigned to me without hesitation. I have always been a fast learner.
My strength is self-confidence, positive attitude, hard work.
My weakness is: I can easily believe every one.
My hobbies are : Bike Reading and watching movies and reading.

Q) Why do you want to work for this company? //
	=> To 
	
Q) Do you consider yourself successful?
	
Q) What are your salary expectations?
Q) What motivates you?
	money.
Q) Tell me about your dream job?
Q) Why do you leave your current job?
	contracual jobs.
Q) Why do you leave your first job?
	carror growth
Q) Why should we hire you?
	because u need me.
	Because you need that which have strong techinical backgrond and good attitude.
	I am hard working guy and stable resouce for this company. I do not change my job on freqemtly basis.
Q) Are you a team player?
Q) What is your philosophy towards work?
	More I work and more I gain.
Q) What have you learned from mistakes on the job?
	I make notes from myself.
Q) How would you know you were successful on this job?
	Yes and no both.
Q) What will you do if you don't get his position?
	wait for next opportunity.





Q) What have you done to improve your knowledge in the last year?
Q) How would you be an asset to this company?
Q) How long would you expect to work for us in case you are hired?
Q) Describe your ability to work under pressure?	
Q) Tell me about a problem you had with a supervisor?
Q) Why do you think you would do well at this job?
Q) What irritates you about co-workers?
	nothing,
Q) Do your skills match this job or another job more closely?
	Yes,
Q) What has disappointed you about work?
Q) What was the most difficult decision for you made?

Q) Are you willing to make sacrifices for this company?
Q) What are the qualities you look for in a boss?
Q) Are you applying to other companies as well?
Q) Do you know anyone who works in our company?
Q) How do you propose to compensate for your lack of experience?
Q) Have you ever worked in a job that you hated?
Q) What would your previous supervisor say your best point is?
Q) What is the most challenging thing about working with you?
Q) Would you rather work for money or job satisfaction?
Q) Describe your work policy ethics.
Q) Do you enjoy working as part of a team?
Q) Why do you think you deserve this job?
Q) Do you have any questions for me?